FEL (Fair Enought License)

Copyright (c) {{Year}} {{Name or company name}}

> In short- if You make money, than I make money.

1. Permission is hereby granted to any person obtaining (A) a copy of this 
software and (B) a license code issued on {{Place where code was issued}} (the 
"Software"/"Backpack" and "License" respectively), to use the software in 
production environments (on servers with addresses reachable by public DNS, 
public IP addresses or commercial private networks). This includes the rights 
to use, copy and/or modify the Software or copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the 
conditions in this document.

2. This license does not include the rights to publicly or privately 
sublicense or publish this Software, its copies or any derivations, with or 
without the purpose of commercial profit. Different licenses are required for 
copies, third-party packages and derivations of the software, detailed in the 
articles below.

3. The Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or 
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, 
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the 
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other 
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, 
out of or in connection with Backpack or the use or other dealings in the 
Software.

4. The sole copyright holder and author of the Software is {{ Name or company 
name }} {{ email }}. Any code contributions made to {{ software name }} by 
third parties, be it individuals or companies, are considered a gesture of good
will, and become the property of the copyright holder as soon as they are 
submitted. The contributors keep the right to use, copy, modify, promote and 
release the portions of the Software they have contributed, but so does the 
copyright holder.

5. This copyright notice and permission notice shall be included in all copies 
or substantial portions of the Software.

6. The current license has been last modified on {{ date }}, and is mandatory 
for any usage of versions of {{ software }} newer than {{ version }} (commonly
referred to as "releases" or "tags").

## Free on localhost

7. Should {{ software }} be used in a development environment, without being
presented to clients or final users, no financial reward is expected and the 
above rights (Article 1) are given FREE OF CHARGE in that environment. When 
the application is not available under a public DNS address or public IP 
address, and no money has been made from using {{ software }}, 
**no license code is required**.

## Free for non-commercial use

8. Should {{ software }} be used for non-commercial purposes (personal use, 
not-profits, testing, hobby, education), no financial reward is expected and 
the above rights (Article 1) are given FREE OF CHARGE both in local and 
production environments. A valid license code is required for use in 
production, and can be applied for on {{ website }}. Special terms and 
conditions apply - detailed in the application form. The copyright holder 
reserves the right to approve and deny free license applications at their 
discretion.

9. Should {{ software }} be used in a free open-source package, the above 
rights (Article 1) are given FREE OF CHARGE, and no license purchase or
notification is required. However, users of the third-party packages will be
forced to abide by the current license, and purchase a license for commercial 
use, since {{ software }} is a dependency. Hence, it is recommended that a 
notice and link is provided to the third-party package's users, so that it is 
clear that by using the free third-party package in production, they are using
{{ software }}, and need to purchase a commercial license or apply for a 
non-commercial license for {{ software }}. We try to support, help and promote
third-party packages for {{ software }} - consider contacting 
{{ email }} before or after you create the package.

## Paid for commercial use

10. We consider it commercial use when anybody involved in the project that 
uses {{ software }} makes money. **If anybody** (including but not limited to:
the developer, employer, employees or clients) **using {{ software }} inside a
project** (by building, maintaining, leasing, renting, selling or reselling the
project) **is financially rewarded directly** (wage, commission, subscription, 
advertising) **or indirectly** (by reducing costs or increasing efficiency in a
commercial endeavour), **it is considered commercial use.** Any usage by a 
commercial entity is considered commercial use. Internal usage by a commercial 
entity is considered commercial use. Commercial entities developing pro-bono 
projects can _and should_ apply for a non-commercial license on {{ place where
to apply for non commercial license }}.

11. **Should {{ software }} be used for commercial purposes**, the user is 
required to **purchase a license code on {{ website }} for each domain name 
this software will be used on, before its usage in production**. Alternatively,
the user can purchase an "Unlimited Projects" license which will allow usage on
any number of domain names. Failure to do so will constitute as illegal 
commercial use.

12. **Should {{ software }} be included in Software-as-a-Service product, an 
"Unlimited Projects" license is required**, which can be purchased on {{ place 
where to apply for a license }}.

13. **Should {{ software }} be included in a commercial package or product** 
(that is sold, leased or rented to third-parties) **aimed at the same target 
audience or similar, a special sublicensing agreement is required** - contact 
{{ email }}.

14. **By using {{ software }} in production without a valid license code for 
that project, issued by the copyright holder, the user is considered to be 
breaching the terms of the current license, and agrees to be subject to 
punishments including but not limited to:**
- having his administration panel stop working, interrupted, disabled or 
removed;
- being removed or banned from the {{ software }} community;
- being publicly disclosed as untrustworthy, in a "Wall of Shame" section, on 
partner websites, on social networks like Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, or 
any other way the copyright holder sees fit;

15. The copyright holder will attempt to contact the user 7 days before 
punitive action is taken if contact information is easily available, but is not
obligated to do so. **The user who has committed a breach of license terms can 
only purchase a special "Redemption License", issued individually, priced at 10
to 1000 times the list price**, depending on the gravity of the breach and 
estimated foregone earnings. The price of the "Redemption License" is to be 
decided by the copyright holder on a case-by-case basis. Contact {{ email }} if
you've found you're breaching the terms - special consideration is given to 
those who report themselves. 
